Design
Brian Chen

Engineering
Brian Chen

Art
Brian Chen

Music
"Pixelland" Kevin MacLeod 
incompetech.com
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

"Vivacity" Kevin MacLeod 
incompetech.com
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

SFX
"Annoying_Air_Siren.flac" qubodup 
https://www.freesound.org/people/qubodup/sounds/184937/
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 Unported
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed

"camera_snap1.wav" thecheesman 
https://www.freesound.org/people/thecheeseman/sounds/51360/
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 Unported
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed

"cheer_01.wav" Corisca_S 
https://www.freesound.org/people/Corsica_S/sounds/337000/
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 Unported
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed

"falling_whistle_swish_1.wav" blukotek 
https://www.freesound.org/people/blukotek/sounds/268914/
CC0 1.0 Universal License: Public Domain Dedication
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed

"good_kick_in_the_head_sound.aif" mwl500 
https://www.freesound.org/people/mwl500/sounds/54807/
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 Unported
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed

"jump-03.wav" littlerobotsoundfactory 
https://www.freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/270323/
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 Unported
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed

"Jump.wav" n_audioman 
https://www.freesound.org/people/n_audioman/sounds/273560/
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 Unported
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed

"Jump16.wav" n_audioman 
https://www.freesound.org/people/n_audioman/sounds/273567/
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 Unported
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed

"referee-whistle.wav" Pablo-F 
https://www.freesound.org/people/Pablo-F/sounds/90743/
Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 Unported
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed

"Sci Fi button beep.wav" peepholecircus 
https://www.freesound.org/people/peepholecircus/sounds/196979/
CC0 1.0 Universal License: Public Domain Dedication
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
Changes: Pitch, Duration, Speed



